---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Learning new languages"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-01-23
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Programming languages
  - Learning
---

# Learning new languages

  As a complete newbie, I found that freecodecamp to be an extremely helpful resource. When learning Javascript I noticed that its very similar to most of the programming languages that we have learned so far. Using the knowledge that I gained in ICS111 and ICS211, getting through all of the modules didnt take that much time. I noticed that the syntax for Javascript is very lax compared to Java and once you know any programming language, switching over isn't hard to do. 

## Is Javascript a good programming language?

  I dont believe that I have enough experience to determine whether Javascript is good or bad, so giving an answer to that is extremely difficult. I do know from some reading, that you can do a lot of things with Javascript and I'm willing to put in the effort to see what I can create.
  
## WODs ARE stressful.

  I think that WODs are very helpful because they give us a chance to practice coding from scratch. I really liked the first two practice WODs and after taking the first actual graded one, I noticed that it helps to do them over and over again. Not only does it train you in the syntax but, it gives you a chance to challenge yourself to see if you can find a different solution. I found it to be very stressful when talking about it in class, but after seeing the problem and doing the practice I noticed that it's not so bad and its a very good teaching strategy.
  
